README.md, before:

# Doc-Type Repository Template
[![license](https://badgen.net/badge/license/CC-BY-SA%204.0/green)](https://github.com/doocs/doc-template/blob/master/LICENSE)
[![PRs Welcome](https://badgen.net/badge/PRs/welcome/green)](http://makeapullrequest.com)

## Introduction
Now you're viewing a doc-type template repository, you’ll see a brand new <kbd>Use this template</kbd> button that enables you to get started with that codebase in seconds. 

![use-this-template](/images/use-this-template-button.png)

The template repository gets a new URL endpoint called `/generate` that allows you to distribute your template more efficiently. And all you need to do is name your project and clone your new repository to get started.

This is just the beginning for repository templates. The GitHub Team will bring more capabilities to all of the template types—repositories, issues, and pull requests—to help us spend less time repeating work so we can get back to building new things.

## License
[Attribution-NonCommercial-ShareAlike 4.0 International (CC BY-NC-SA 4.0)](https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-nc-sa/4.0/)

Commit message:

docs: add repository-template-demo.png

README.md, after:

<div align="center"> <img src="./images/repository-template-demo.png"/> </div>

# Doc-Type Repository Template
[![license](https://badgen.net/badge/license/CC-BY-SA%204.0/green)](https://github.com/doocs/doc-template/blob/master/LICENSE)
[![PRs Welcome](https://badgen.net/badge/PRs/welcome/green)](http://makeapullrequest.com)

## Introduction
Now you're viewing a doc-type template repository, you’ll see a brand new <kbd>Use this template</kbd> button that enables you to get started with that codebase in seconds. 

<div align="center"> <img src="./images/use-this-template-button.png"/> </div>

The template repository gets a new URL endpoint called `/generate` that allows you to distribute your template more efficiently. And all you need to do is name your project and clone your new repository to get started.

This is just the beginning for repository templates. The GitHub Team will bring more capabilities to all of the template types—repositories, issues, and pull requests—to help us spend less time repeating work so we can get back to building new things.

## Reference
[The GitHub Blog: Generate new repositories with repository templates](https://github.blog/2019-06-06-generate-new-repositories-with-repository-templates/)

## License
[Attribution-NonCommercial-ShareAlike 4.0 International (CC BY-NC-SA 4.0)](https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-nc-sa/4.0/)
